				Musicverse - CD universe (Sale of Music CD's)

1)The login.php is the home page with a slider functionality and few other jquery plugins , with links provided to wikepedia for details about various genres of music.

2)The user can now click on the login page to provide the credentials to login if he/she is an existing user.

3)If not an existing user then the user has to register by clicking on Register link to gain acces to the webpage.

4)Once the user registers he/she is redirected to the login page to enter the credentials.

5)Once the right credentials are entered which are followed by validation and sanitization of the entered data, the user is directed to an index page.
  This page consists of 8 different generes of music the user can choose from.

6)After selection of the genre the user is directed to the products lists for each genre where the items on sale and non-discounted items are listed in seperate grids.

7)The user can then add to cart the product he/she desires and move on to different generes for a different list of products.
  When the user adds an item to cart the number of items in the product list reduces based on user choice.

8)The user can then view the cart to see the list of products selected by clicking on the cart link.
  Here the cost for each item is calculated based on number of items chosen and the user is allowed to remove each item from the cart as desired by clicking on the remove button.
  
9)The user can also delete all the items in the cart by clicking the delete all button.

10)Once the user has added all the required items to the cart he/she can checkout by clicking on the checkout button in the cart page.

11)The checkout page is just a representation of a payment portal similar to amazon - The details entered here can be random since there is no validation rules implemented.
PLEASE DO NOT ENTER ORIGINAL OR ACTUAL USER DETAILS (CARD DETAILS)

9)The user can then add new products or logout at any point during this session.

10)Every user is unique and when the user logs in again the cart is still mainted for the user.


ADMIN-

The admin credentials are - username - shiva@pro1.com and password - *****
The admin is provided with the admin page to add new products or modify existing products.
Validation for all fields are performed and image files for the products can be uploaded from admin's desktop.

Once the admin logsin he also can view the products available.
